# union square (the other one)

address: 864 Broadway Frnt 1, New York, NY 10003

## ratings
location: 4/5

taste: 3/5

serving size: 2.5/5

tortilla: 5/5

ambiance: 3/5

price: $11.10

bathroom code (as of 14th September, 2022): 9247

**score: 17.5/25**



## review
Lying on the northwest corner of Union Square, this chipotle is perfectly positioned - right around the corner from a Barnes and Noble for all those late night book-and-bowl binges that gen z has popularised. The seating is a little limited - a single narrow stretch down the length of the establishment. Unfortunately, the stools are only on one side, so you’re unable to gaze into the eyes of your loved ones for anniversary dates, but rather must sit side-by-side, as if in airplane or the cinema or some grotesque combination of the two. If you’re able to ignore that, it’s time to order.

You’ll walk past the stools and go to the till. You might be struck with an inclination for a burrito bowl with a tortilla on the side - a rather inspired choice, really - and as you ask for them to build up your bowl, you’ll realise that the serving sizes aren’t very generous. The classic “double rice, double beans” that used to fill your bowl up now barely scratches the 2/3 mark. In the end, inflation affects us all. You have to restrain yourself from commenting when the chef, out of lettuce, supplants it with salad. Abominable, in a word. Worse, the chicken is dry. The food doesn’t taste amazing here, so it’s a good thing the service size was also rubbish so you don’t have to eat too much of it. But Chipotle is like sex - even bad Chipotle is still pretty good. 

Luckily, the tortilla is crisped to perfection. Meaning, not crisp at all. It’s warm, soft, flaccid to the touch. Unbelievably delicious, the tortilla is the crowning piece of the meal. The heat of the tortilla distracts from the frigid strength of the air conditioner, reminiscent of that favourite planet of Darth Vader, Hoth. Overall, this was an interesting meal, replete with temperature and taste extremes. I’d recommend this location for the experience, if not for the food.  

 
