# union square

address: 117 E 14th St, New York, NY 10003

## ratings
location: 4.5/5

taste: 4/5

serving size: 4.5/5

tortilla: 4/5

price : $10.70

## review
Union Square. A hotbed of bustling activity, particularly in the evenings as the encroaching summer heat begins to fade to a cool dusk. Just one block away, a Chipotle. The Union Square Chipotle has an amazing location - merely a block away from the N, Q, R, W, 4, 5, 6, and L trains - as well as some buses too but we don't use those. No matter where in Manhattan you live  ~~(as long as it's not too far)~~ , you'll be a short train ride away from this Chipotle. 

You'll emerge from the metro to a small human zoo, akin to an extemporaneous fête. Your nose, initally assaulted by that harsh familiarity of cigarette ash, will welcome the fresh air of the square as you distance from the train. You'll notice the chess tables set-up, the irate inhabitants of which will demand money, and you won't be able to hear your friends speak as the natural hustle-bustle of Union Square is overpowered by one man on the saxophone - not an instrument he has learnt but one that you can only guess he is playing for the first time. Nevertheless, you'll make your way to the Chipotle. 

The servers will help you to a _generous_ portion of food. Your salivary glands on high-alert as they scoop the rice, then the beans. The rest, as expected, follows neatly, culimating in that pièce de resistance which is the guacamole - a shade of green that, to quote _Finneas_, would have made F. Scott Fitzgerald mad. When Hans Sloane first coined the term avocado in 1696, scarcely would he have believed that it would have become the commodity it is today. And yet it is up there amongst gold and oil. And the only tasty one of the three. 

The tortilla is perfectly warmed, the bowl is perfectly assembled, and our hungers are perfectly poised for satiation. And satiation will you find. This Chipotle does it well. This bowl serves as a stunning retort to those would decry Chipotle as anything less than fine dining. 

Frank McCourt, author of the children's comedy, _Angela's Ashes_, once said :
> After a full belly, all is poetry. 

Following the bouffage just described, one would be hard pressed to disagree. 

That jazz, initially cacophonic, is now beautifully bohemian. You gaze at the crowd gathered around the chess tables and appreciate now, for the first time, the complexity that unfolds on the board. Not a game, surely, but an art. That overwhelming cigarette odor has been replaced by the light fragrance of hibiscus and honeysuckle. From where, you can't be certain, but it is suspended in the warm evening atmosphere. The summer air is charged with electricity, the spark of everyone in the square taking life in and basking in the brilliance of the bowl. 
