# the financial district

address: 100 Maiden Lane, New York, NY 10038

## ratings
location: 5/5

taste: 4.5/5

serving size: 4/5

tortilla: 2.5/5

ambiance: 4/5

price: $7.08

bathroom code (as of 31st October, 2023): 2685

**score: 20/25**


## review

Boo! We're back.

Welcome back to another ediiton of Chipotle Cam, the best location for all things Chipotle. Today we take you to the Financial District - an oft forsaken neighbourhood of Manhattan due to what some have called the infestation of white collar workers, dubbed "finance bros". We come to you on this most spooky of days and scary of nights - Halloween. For those of you unaware, Chipotle ran a promotion today for $6 entrees. This was advertised as a mobile-only promotion but their app refused to cooperate, leading to mass fright, widespread frustration, and palpable tensions across the city. Nevertheless, we decided to embark on this adventure, promotion be damned. 

Unfortunately, Chipotle has gotten really expensive - so we needed the promotion. The recession has hit the lower-upper-lower-middle class too. A regular Chipotle bowl at this location costs around $13.17; looking at previous blog posts you might notice that this is almost a 25% increase. Incredibly unaffordable. Everyone is so focused on interest rates and home mortgages, but its us luxury-building-renters who are suffering the most. Speaking of luxury buildings, this location is a mere ~ 60 seconds from the front door, but actually takes over 5 minutes, owing to the slow elevators in the high-rise. For those who aren't fortunate enough to live in this stunning building, the location is still a 5/5. Accessible by a 6 minute walk from 8 different trains - the 2,3,4,5,A,C,J and Z - this is a commuter's dream. While this isn't the southern-most Chipotle (yet), the Battery-Park location will soon be lost to the vagaries of time and the ravages of climate change, and then this location will surely occupy the throne: NYC's Southern Jewel (Brooklyn isn't a part of NYC). 

We headed over, dreading the Halloween crowds who were also trying to take advantage of this promotion. While we expected the line to be long, we didn't count on the stellar service. The front-line heroes made fast work of the queue. Still - I was nervous about the promotion and was unsure of how to secure the discount. As if they sensed my hesitation, the cashiers were offering the discount without me even asking. It was not only a triumph of the human spirit but a testatement to what we as a race can achieve. 

We secured our bowls - our regular orders, for those who want all the juicy details - and moved to the seating. This location is rather cramped and the seating is awkward. Throw in dull music and you might be surprised by the rating of 4/5 for ambiance - primarily owed to the exemplary service (see above). While their portion sizes were not large, when asked "double it and give it to the same person", the chef's happily obliged and filled our trays. The food was cooked to perfection: each grain of rice, each legume of bean, each shred of cheese, each sour of cream, each dice of tomato, lettce du jour .... I feel Carmen Berzatto in this ~~ Chili's ~~ Chipotle tonight. The only disappointment lies in the tortilla. Prose fails to capture my sadness, so a haiku must suffice:

> Veiled epicurean,

> Whispers of drought in repose,

> Elysium missed

Whatever the fuck that means. Regardless of the tortilla - this was surely an affordable and delicious meal. 

The greatest pleasure of stepping out of one's house and into a Chipotle remains unmatched.... I'm reminded of that famous Houellebecq line, _"....dans une société où le plus grand luxe est de se donner les moyens de se procurer du chipotle...." _ 

Notwithstanding today's serendipitous promotion, proferring an exiguous alleviation of $6, it remains an incontrovertible truth that the pecuniary obligations incumbent upon us reviewers have burgeoned with what may only be described as an insidious voracity. A once quotidian indulgence, now transformed into a profligate extravaganza. 

Nevertheless, we must continue to patronise this establishment - if not for us, but for the fallen who cannot. 

We die. That may be the meaning of life. But we eat Chipotle. That may be the measure of our lives. 

Following the recent turmoil in the Middle East, sorrow has pervaded our hearts. Needless lives lost, homes destroyed, and families torn asunder. Bloodlines extinguished amidst the chaos that fills the hearts of those who have no choice but to endure it for they have no escape. Truly, these price increases pale in comparison. They are only the second scariest thing happening today. 

Luckily, it's Halloween. 
